_pages/about.md, before:

---
enabled: true
layout: about
title: About
permalink: /
nav_order: 0
subtitle: <h5>Affiliated with EPFL, Aucos AG, Maastricht University</h5>

profile:
  align: right
  image: profile.png
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  address: >
    <p>Lausanne, Switzerland ⛰️<br>Paris, France 🎨</p>

news: true  # includes a list of news items
selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true  # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

Welcome to my personal website 👋! I'm currently pursuing an MSc in Data Science at [École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne](https://www.epfl.ch/education/master/programs/data-science/),
where I also do research at the [Laboratory for Information and Inference Systems](https://www.epfl.ch/labs/lions/).
My current research 🔬 revolves around **graph neural networks**, **reinforcement learning**, and **self-supervised learning** 
for combinatorial optimization problems. Prior to my master's degree, I completed a BSc in Data Science and Artificial 
Intelligence 🎓 at [Maastricht University](https://www.maastrichtuniversity.nl/education/bachelor/data-science-and-artificial-intelligence).

During my bachelor's studies, I had the opportunity to delve into applied research in various areas. As an AI research 
intern at Aucos AG, I worked on projects involving **multi-camera multi-object tracking**, and **multi-agent systems**.

My primary research interests lie within the exciting fields of machine learning and artificial intelligence, with a 
particular emphasis on reinforcement learning and multi-task learning. For more in-depth information about my work, feel
free to explore the [publications](/publications/) and [projects](/projects/) pages!

Additionally, I am committed to leveraging my skills and knowledge to create positive impact and make a difference in 
people's lives 🌍💡. I believe in the power of collaboration, innovation, and entrepreneurship to drive meaningful 
change 🤝. Through my involvement in various associations, hackathons, and initiatives, I have gained invaluable 
experience in addressing real-world challenges and contributing to sustainability efforts ♻. I am excited about 
opportunities to further expand my horizons and contribute to projects that align with this ideology 🚀.

When I'm not doing research or working on my projects, you can find me skiing down slopes ⛷, exploring scenic hiking 
trails 🥾🏞️, or participating in field hockey 🏑. 

Thank you for visiting my personal website. I welcome collaboration and invite you to reach out (see the bottom of this
page), whether you have ideas for impactful projects, opportunities for partnership, or simply want to connect!

[//]: # (Link to your social media connections, too. This theme is set up to use [Font Awesome icons]&#40;http://fortawesome.github.io/Font-Awesome/&#41; and [Academicons]&#40;https://jpswalsh.github.io/academicons/&#41;, like the ones below. Add your Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Google Scholar, or just disable all of them.)

Commit message:

Added current start-up position

_pages/about.md, after:

---
enabled: true
layout: about
title: About
permalink: /
nav_order: 0
subtitle: <h5>Affiliated with EPFL, Rounded.News, Aucos AG, Maastricht University</h5>

profile:
  align: right
  image: profile.png
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  address: >
    <p>Lausanne, Switzerland ⛰️<br>Paris, France 🎨</p>

news: true  # includes a list of news items
selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true  # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

Welcome to my personal website 👋! I'm currently pursuing an MSc in Data Science at [École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne](https://www.epfl.ch/education/master/programs/data-science/),
where I also do research at the [Laboratory for Information and Inference Systems](https://www.epfl.ch/labs/lions/).
My current research 🔬 revolves around **graph neural networks**, **reinforcement learning**, and **self-supervised learning** 
for combinatorial optimization problems. Prior to my master's degree, I completed a BSc in Data Science and Artificial 
Intelligence 🎓 at [Maastricht University](https://www.maastrichtuniversity.nl/education/bachelor/data-science-and-artificial-intelligence).

I am also currently involved with [Rounded.News](https://rounded.news) as the Chief AI Strategist, a start-up attempting
to break filter bubbles using AI-powered news 📰.

During my bachelor's studies, I had the opportunity to delve into applied research in various areas. As an AI research 
intern at Aucos AG, I worked on projects involving **multi-camera multi-object tracking**, and **multi-agent systems**.

My primary research interests lie within the exciting fields of machine learning and artificial intelligence, with a 
particular emphasis on reinforcement learning and multi-task learning. For more in-depth information about my work, feel
free to explore the [publications](/publications/) and [projects](/projects/) pages!

Additionally, I am committed to leveraging my skills and knowledge to create positive impact and make a difference in 
people's lives 🌍💡. I believe in the power of collaboration, innovation, and entrepreneurship to drive meaningful 
change 🤝. Through my involvement in various associations, hackathons, and initiatives, I have gained invaluable 
experience in addressing real-world challenges and contributing to sustainability efforts ♻. I am excited about 
opportunities to further expand my horizons and contribute to projects that align with this ideology 🚀.

When I'm not doing research or working on my projects, you can find me skiing down slopes ⛷, exploring scenic hiking 
trails 🥾🏞️, or participating in field hockey 🏑. 

Thank you for visiting my personal website. I welcome collaboration and invite you to reach out (see the bottom of this
page), whether you have ideas for impactful projects, opportunities for partnership, or simply want to connect!

[//]: # (Link to your social media connections, too. This theme is set up to use [Font Awesome icons]&#40;http://fortawesome.github.io/Font-Awesome/&#41; and [Academicons]&#40;https://jpswalsh.github.io/academicons/&#41;, like the ones below. Add your Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Google Scholar, or just disable all of them.)
